profile/README.md, before:

# 🏥 UMC Utrecht Digital Health

This is the GitHub organisation page for the Data Science team of Digital Health at the UMC Utrecht.
This page is used for all our repos, both public and private and contains tools like our cookiecutter template and (internal) project repositories.

## 👩‍💻 Useful links

- [Internal page](https://intranet.umcutrecht.nl/connect/digitalhealth/Paginas/Data-science.aspx)
- [UMCU Homepage](https://www.umcutrecht.nl/nl/)
- [Our Python Project template](https://github.com/UMCU-Digital-Health/Digital_Health_Template)
- [Working at Digital Health](https://werkenbijumcutrecht.nl/onze-verhalen/werken-als-datascientist)
- [General UMCU GitHub](https://github.com/umcu)

<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where can the community find your docs? Is there anything else the community should know?
🍿 Fun facts - what does your team eat for breakfast?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md (#1)
* Update README.md

Added some more info

* Update README.md

Comments from PR + mention of Discharge documentation repo almost open-source

profile/README.md, after:

# 🏥 UMC Utrecht Digital Health

This is the GitHub organisation page for the AI for Health team of Digital Health at the UMC Utrecht. Our aim is to implement valuable AI solutions in clinical practice at the UMC Utrecht.
This page is used for all our repos, both public and private and contains tools like our cookiecutter template and (internal) project repositories.

## 🌍 Open-source repos

We welcome contributions! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request if you’d like to collaborate, or fork our repo and apply it in your own organisation.

- [No-Show prediction model](https://github.com/UMCU-Digital-Health/No_Show)
- [Our Python Project template](https://github.com/UMCU-Digital-Health/Digital_Health_Template)
- Discharge documentation generator - *Coming soon*

## 👩‍💻 Useful links

- [Implemented AI models at UMC Utrecht](https://research.umcutrecht.nl/ai-applications-in-use/)
- [Internal page](https://umcutrecht.sharepoint.com/sites/DMN_Onderzoek/SitePages/Data-Science-Team.aspx)
- [UMCU Homepage](https://www.umcutrecht.nl/nl/)
- [Working at Digital Health](https://werkenbijumcutrecht.nl/onze-verhalen/werken-als-datascientist)
- [General UMCU GitHub](https://github.com/umcu)


## 📬 Contact

For questions or collaborations, reach out to datascience@umcutrecht.nl or open an issue in one of our repositories.
<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where can the community find your docs? Is there anything else the community should know?
🍿 Fun facts - what does your team eat for breakfast?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
-->
